SF-1057: Update PrivateLink setup steps (new Databricks and Snowflake instructions) (#7063)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/aws-privatelink.md

> info ""
> Segment's PrivateLink integration is currently in private beta and is governed by Segment’s [First Access and Beta Preview Terms](https://www.twilio.com/en-us/legal/tos){:target="_blank”}. Only warehouses located in regions `us-east-1`, `us-west-2`, or `eu-west-1` are eligible for PrivateLink. You might incur additional networking costs while using AWS PrivateLink. 

During the Private Beta, you can set up AWS PrivateLink for [Databricks](#databricks), [RDS Postgres](#rds-postgres), [Redshift](#redshift), and [Snowflake](#snowflake). 

## Databricks

> The following Databricks integrations support PrivateLink:

Reviewer: don't we also support profile sync?

Author: Yea we're supposed to also support Data Graph and Profiles Sync. They're even listed in our [customer request template](https://segment.atlassian.net/browse/SF-1045). When writing this integrations list the first time, we removed Data Graph and Profiles Sync because we hadnt tested it yet so we werent certain that it worked

  - Configure a [security group](https://docs.databricks.com/en/security/network/classic/customer-managed-vpc.html#security-groups){:target="_blank”} with bidirectional access to 0.0.0.0/0 and ports 443, 3306, 6666, 2443, and 8443-8451. 

### Configure PrivateLink for Databricks
To implement Segment's PrivateLink integration for Databricks:
1. Follow the instructions in Databricks' [Enable private connectivity using AWS PrivateLink](https://docs.databricks.com/en/security/network/classic/privatelink.html){:target="_blank”} documentation. You must create a [back-end](https://docs.databricks.com/en/security/network/classic/privatelink.html#private-connectivity-overview){:target="_blank”} connection to integrate with Segment's front-end connection. 
2. After you've configured a back-end connection for Databricks, let your Customer Success Manager (CSM) know that you're interested in PrivateLink.
3. Segment's engineering team creates a custom VPC endpoint on your behalf. Segment then provides you with the VPC endpoint's ID.

> 4. Follow the instructions in Databricks' [Register PrivateLink objects](https://docs.databricks.com/en/security/network/classic/privatelink.html#step-3-register-privatelink-objects){:target="_blank”} documentation. It'll instruct you to register the VPC endpoint in your Databricks account and to create or update your Private Access Setting to include the VPC endpoint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Register the VPC endpoint in your Databricks account and to create or update your Private Access Setting to include the VPC endpoint. For more information, see Databricks' [Register PrivateLink objects](https://docs.databricks.com/en/security/network/classic/privatelink.html#step-3-register-privatelink-objects){:target="_blank”} documentation.
```

> 5. Configure your Databricks workspace to [use the Private Access Setting object](https://docs.databricks.com/en/security/network/classic/privatelink.html#step-4-create-or-update-your-workspace-with-privatelink-objects) from the previous step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Configure your Databricks workspace to [use the Private Access Setting object](https://docs.databricks.com/en/security/network/classic/privatelink.html#step-4-create-or-update-your-workspace-with-privatelink-objects){:target="_blank”} from the previous step.
```

6. Reach back out to your CSM and provide them with your Databricks Workspace URL. Segment configures their internal DNS to reroute Segment traffic for your Databricks workspace to your VPC endpoint.

> 7. Your CSM notifies you that Segment's PrivateLink integration is complete. If you have any existing Segment Databricks integrations that use your Databricks workspace URL, they now automatically use PrivateLink. You can also create new Databricks integrations in the Segment app. All newly created integrations using your Databricks workspace URL will automatically use PrivateLink.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Your CSM notifies you that Segment's PrivateLink integration is complete. If you have any existing Segment Databricks integrations that use your Databricks workspace URL, they now automatically use PrivateLink. Any new Databricks integrations created in the Segment app using your Databricks workspace URL will automatically use PrivateLink.
```

1. Let your Customer Success Manager (CSM) know that you're interested in PrivateLink. They will share information with you about Segment’s Edge account and VPC.
2. After you receive the Edge account ID and VPC ID, [grant cluster access to Segment's Edge account and VPC](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/mgmt/managing-cluster-cross-vpc-console-grantor.html){:target="_blank”}.
3. Reach back out to your CSM and provide them with the Cluster Identifier for your cluster and your AWS account ID. 
4. Segment's engineering team creates a Redshift managed VPC endpoint within the Segment Redshift subnet on your behalf, which creates a PrivateLink Endpoint URL. Segment then provides you with the internal PrivateLink Endpoint URL. 
5. Use the provided PrivateLink Endpoint URL as the **Hostname** setting to update or create new Redshift integrations in the Segment app.

## Snowflake

The following Snowflake integrations support PrivateLink:
- [Snowflake storage destination](/docs/connections/storage/catalog/snowflake/)
- [Snowflake Reverse ETL source](/docs/connections/reverse-etl/reverse-etl-source-setup-guides/snowflake-setup/)

### Prerequisites

> Before you can configure AWS PrivateLink for Snowflake, complete the following prerequisites:

Reviewer: > Before you can configure

Looks like we switched most of the "configure" to "implement", so I guess it makes sense to be consistent here too and use "before you can implement"

Author: I shall also switch the heading names from Configure to Implement too 🫡

> - Your Snowflake account is on the Business Critical [Edition](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-editions){:target="_blank”} or higher.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Your Snowflake account is on the [Business Critical Edition](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-editions){:target="_blank”} or higher.
```
